{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f192\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\f193\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f195\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f196\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f197\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\f198\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f199\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f200\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden 
Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid22815\rsid1004361
\rsid1974108\rsid3216679\rsid5245141\rsid7156708\rsid8589306\rsid8799252\rsid9385105\rsid9710241\rsid12468793}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.6359;}{\info{\title Inspection Time Test (IT-Test)}{\author  FPP-ITM}{\operator  FPP-ITM}
{\creatim\yr2005\mo11\dy10\hr15\min36}{\revtim\yr2005\mo11\dy10\hr17\min11}{\version1}{\edmins95}{\nofpages2}{\nofwords434}{\nofchars2480}{\*\company Vrije Universiteit}{\nofcharsws2909}{\vern24703}}
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1800\dgvorigin1440\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct\asianbrkrule\nojkernpunct\rsidroot5245141 \fet0
\sectd \linex0\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid9385105 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid5245141 Inspection Time Test (IT-Test)
\par 
\par }{\insrsid5245141 In this test two vertical lines of different length are draw very briefly. The shorter line is masked after a variable delay by making both lines equal in length. Participants are instructed to choose the longest. The masking delay is }{
\insrsid5245141 adapted}{\insrsid5245141  a staircase procedure. }{\insrsid5245141 This version a}{\insrsid5245141 lso includes some funny feedback (underwater fish with bubbles.)}{\insrsid8589306 
 The script will test if the actual refresh rate is about 100Hz (ie. each display frame will be refreshed every 10 milliseconds.)}{\insrsid22815  Responses can be entered by using the \lquote z\rquote  (=left) and \lquote m\rquote  (=right) key
s on a regular keyboard. For accurate response time measurement you can also an external response box that is connected through the parallel printer port.}{\insrsid12468793 
\par }{\insrsid5245141 
\par Staircase algorithm used:
\par }{\insrsid8799252 The stimulus duration (i.e. the number of display frames on a CRT monitor) is increased or decreased with a specific number (=stepsize) according to }{\insrsid1974108 response accuracy.}{\insrsid8799252  On each wrong response
 the number of frames}{\insrsid1974108  }{\insrsid8799252 is increased with the current stepsize}{\insrsid1974108 -}{\insrsid8799252 value. However, the number of frames is only decreased }{\insrsid7156708 with  stepsize}{\insrsid1974108 -value}{
\insrsid7156708  }{\insrsid8799252 when a fixed number of }{\insrsid8799252\charrsid8799252 consecutive correct responses}{\insrsid8799252  }{\insrsid7156708 are}{\insrsid8799252  detected (currently }{\insrsid1974108 set to }{\insrsid8799252 4.)}{
\insrsid7156708  The step size itself is also modified. The experiment starts with a relative large value and is slowly decreased to }{\insrsid8589306 a}{\insrsid7156708  minimal step size during the test. This is done by keeping a so called \lquote 
reversal\rquote  count. A reversal occurs when: a) the current frame-count is larger then the previous frame-count when a correct sequence of (4) responses }{\insrsid1974108 are}{\insrsid7156708  detected}{\insrsid1974108 ; or b) when the current frame-
count is smaller then the previous frame-count when an incorrect response is detected. In other words: a reversal happens when}{\insrsid8589306  sequence of}{\insrsid1974108  increasing display duration}{\insrsid8589306 s}{\insrsid1974108  is 
about to decrease, or vice versa. }{\insrsid8589306 The number of reversals is used to determine the stepsize: initially the stepsize will be 4 (=40 milliseconds at 100Hz). After 2 reversals the stepsize is reduced
 to 2 and after 4 reversals it will reach its smallest possible value of 1. }{\insrsid1974108 This step-size }{\insrsid8589306 and frame-count adaptation}{\insrsid1974108  will take care of a slowly }{\insrsid8589306 optimizing display
 duration for a given subject}{\insrsid1974108 .}{\insrsid9385105  The test will automatically abort after 15 reversals or 96 trials, whichever comes first. The first 3 trials ware considered practice or warm-up trials and have predefined}{\insrsid22815 
 frame counts.}{\insrsid5245141\charrsid8799252 
\par }{\insrsid8799252 
\par }{\insrsid9385105 Along with the default output values, the following variables are stored explicitly to simplify SPSS translation of the output:
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid9710241 {\insrsid9710241\charrsid9710241 TargetPiDuration}{\insrsid9710241 : Configured stimulus duration
\par }{\insrsid9710241\charrsid9385105 PiDuration}{\insrsid9710241 : Actual stimulus duration: time between stimulus onset and mask onset}{\insrsid9710241\charrsid9385105 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid9385105 {\insrsid9385105 RT: response time}{\insrsid8799252 
\par }{\insrsid9385105 ACC: response accuracy
\par }{\insrsid9710241\charrsid9710241 Reversals}{\insrsid9710241 : number of reversals so far}{\insrsid9710241\charrsid9710241 
\par FrameCount}{\insrsid9710241 : current frame-count (=number of display refreshes)
\par Type: L(eft) or R(ight)}{\insrsid9710241\charrsid9710241 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid9385105 
\par }{\insrsid22815\charrsid22815 Techniques}{\insrsid22815  used:
\par }{\insrsid9710241 Variable stimulus duration
\par Input accepted during several E-Prime objects.}{\insrsid22815 
\par }{\insrsid9710241 Customized drawing of bitmaps (stacked fishes as feedback)
\par Customized (early) list termination.
\par }{\insrsid9710241\charrsid22815 
\par }}